The translated license terms can be viewed here: http://www14.software.ibm.com/cgi-bin/weblap/lap.pl?li_formnum=L-JFEL-BGXH39
License for IBM Call Center for Commerce V10.0 (5725-P82) can be viewed here: http://www14.software.ibm.com/cgi-bin/weblap/lap.pl?li_formnum=L-JFEL-B39N6M

LICENSE INFORMATION

The Programs listed below are licensed under the following License Information terms and conditions in addition to the Program license terms previously agreed to by Client and IBM. If Client does not have previously agreed to license terms in effect for the Program, the International Program License Agreement (Z125-3301-14) applies.

Program Name (Program Number):
IBM Sterling Order Management Software Enterprise Edition Certified Container V10.0 (5725-D10)
IBM Sterling Order Management Software Professional Edition Certified Container V10.0 (5725-D10)
IBM Sterling Order Management Software Delivery and Service Certified Container V10.0 (5725-D10)
IBM Sterling Order Management Software Supply Collaboration Certified Container V10.0 (5725-D10)
IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on Certified Container V10.0 (5725-D10)
IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Small Format Edition Certified Container V10.0 (5725-D10)
IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Medium Format Edition Certified Container V10.0 (5725-D10)
IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Large Format Edition Certified Container V10.0 (5725-D10)
IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Mega Format Edition Certified Container V10.0 (5725-D10)
IBM Sterling Order Management Software Call Center Add-on Certified Container V10.0 (5725-D10)

The following standard terms apply to Licensee's use of the Program.

Limited use right

As described in the International Program License Agreement ("IPLA") and this License Information, IBM grants Licensee a limited right to use the Program. This right is limited to the level of Authorized Use, such as a Processor Value Unit ("PVU"), a Resource Value Unit ("RVU"), a Value Unit ("VU"), or other specified level of use, paid for by Licensee as evidenced in the Proof of Entitlement. Licensee's use may also be limited to a specified machine, or only as a Supporting Program, or subject to other restrictions. As Licensee has not paid for all of the economic value of the Program, no other use is permitted without the payment of additional fees. In addition, Licensee is not authorized to use the Program to provide commercial IT services to any third party, to provide commercial hosting or timesharing, or to sublicense, rent, or lease the Program unless expressly provided for in the applicable agreements under which Licensee obtains authorizations to use the Program. Additional rights may be available to Licensee subject to the payment of additional fees or under different or supplementary terms. IBM reserves the right to determine whether to make such additional rights available to Licensee.

Specifications

Program's specifications can be found in the collective Description and Technical Information sections of the Program's Announcement Letters.

Prohibited Uses

Licensee may not use or authorize others to use the Program if failure of the Program could lead to death, bodily injury, or property or environmental damage.

Supporting Programs

Licensee is authorized to install and use the Supporting Programs identified below. Licensee is authorized to install and use such Supporting Programs only to support Licensee's use of the Principal Program under this Agreement. The phrase "to support Licensee's use" would only include those uses that are necessary or otherwise directly related to a licensed use of the Principal Program or another Supporting Program. The Supporting Programs may not be used for any other purpose. A Supporting Program may be accompanied by license terms, and those terms, if any, apply to Licensee's use of that Supporting Program. In the event of conflict, the terms in this License Information document supersede the Supporting Program's terms. Licensee must obtain sufficient entitlements to the Program, as a whole, to cover Licensee's installation and use of all of the Supporting Programs, unless separate entitlements are provided within this License Information document. For example, if this Program were licensed on a PVU (Processor Value Unit) basis and Licensee were to install the Principal Program or a Supporting Program on a 100 PVU machine (physical or virtual) and another Supporting Program on a second 100 PVU machine, Licensee would be required to obtain 200 PVU entitlements to the Program.

Supporting Programs:
IBM DB2 Enterprise Server Edition 11.1
IBM DB2 OEM High Capacity Add-on 11.1
IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.7
IBM Cognos Analytics 11.0
IBM Cognos Analytics Samples 11.0
IBM Cognos Framework Manager 11.0
IBM WebSphere Application Server Network Deployment 9.0
IBM WebSphere Liberty 18.0
IBM MQ Advanced 9.1
IBM MQ 9.0

Prohibited Components

Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement, Licensee is not authorized to use any of the following components or functions of the Program:
IBM WebSphere eXtreme Scale (of WebSphere Application Server)
IBM pureScale clustering technology (of IBM DB2)
IBM SQL Replication (of IBM DB2)
IBM Q Replication (of IBM DB2)
IBM DB2 Connect (of IBM DB2)
IBM SQL Warehousing Tool - SQW (of IBM DB2)
IBM WebSphere MQ 8.0 (of IBM DB2)
IBM Cognos Analysis for Excel (of IBM Cognos Analytics)
IBM Cognos Analysis Studio (of IBM Cognos Analytics)
IBM Cognos Business Intelligence Transformer (of IBM Cognos Business Intelligence)
IBM Cognos for Microsoft Office (of IBM Cognos Analytics)
IBM Cognos Insight (of IBM Cognos Analytics)
IBM Cognos Metric Designer (of IBM Cognos Analytics)
IBM Cognos Metric Studio (of IBM Cognos Analytics)
IBM Cognos Mobile Server (of IBM Cognos Analytics)
IBM Cognos Workspace (of IBM Cognos Analytics
IBM Cognos Event Studio (of IBM Cognos Analytics)

Components Not Used for Establishing Required Entitlements

When determining the number of entitlements required for Licensee's installation or use of the Program, the installation or use of the following Program components are not taken into consideration. In other words, Licensee may install and use the following Program components, under the license terms, but these components are not used to determine the number of entitlements required for the Program.
Capilano Components (IBM Installation Manager & IBM Packaging Utility) 1.8
IBM DB2 Enterprise Server Edition 11.1
IBM DB2 OEM High Capacity Add-on 11.1
IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.7
IBM Cognos Analytics 11.0
IBM Cognos Analytics Samples 11.0
IBM Cognos Framework Manager 11.0
IBM WebSphere Application Server Network Deployment V9.0
IBM WebSphere Liberty 18.0.0.2
IBM MQ Advanced 9.1
IBM MQ 9.0

Separately Licensed Code

The provisions of this paragraph do not apply to the extent they are held to be invalid or unenforceable under the law that governs this license. Each of the components listed below is considered "Separately Licensed Code". IBM Separately Licensed Code is licensed to Licensee under the terms of the applicable third party license agreement(s) set forth in the NON_IBM_LICENSE file(s) that accompanies the Program. Notwithstanding any of the terms in the Agreement, or any other agreement Licensee may have with IBM, the terms of such third party license agreement(s) governs Licensee's use of all Separately Licensed Code unless otherwise noted below.

Future Program updates or fixes may contain additional Separately Licensed Code. Such additional Separately Licensed Code and related licenses are listed in another NON_IBM_LICENSE file that accompanies the Program update or fix. Licensee acknowledges that Licensee has read and agrees to the license agreements contained in the NON_IBM_LICENSE file(s). If Licensee does not agree to the terms of these third party license agreements, Licensee may not use the Separately Licensed Code.

For Programs acquired under the International Program License Agreement ("IPLA") or International Program License Agreement for Non Warranted Program ("ILAN") and Licensee is the original licensee of the Program, if Licensee does not agree with the third party license agreements, Licensee may return the Program in accordance with the terms of, and within the specified time frames stated in, the "Money-back Guarantee" section of the IPLA or ILAN IBM Agreement.

Note: Notwithstanding any of the terms in the third party license agreement, the Agreement, or any other agreement Licensee may have with IBM:
(a) IBM provides this Separately Licensed Code to Licensee WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND;
(b) IBM DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR INTERFERENCE AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SEPARATELY LICENSED CODE;
(c) IBM is not liable to Licensee, and will not defend, indemnify, or hold Licensee harmless for any claims arising from or related to the Separately Licensed Code; and
(d) IBM is not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages including, but not limited to, lost data, lost savings, and lost profits, with respect to the Separately Licensed Code.

Notwithstanding these exclusions, in Germany and Austria, IBM's warranty and liability for the Separately Licensed Code is governed only by the respective terms applicable for Germany and Austria in IBM license agreements.

Note: IBM may provide limited support for some Separately Licensed Code. If such support is available, the details and any additional terms related to such support will be set forth in the License Information document.

The following are Separately Licensed Code:
Red Hat Universal Base Image

Source Components and Sample Materials

The Program may include some components in source code form ("Source Components") and other materials identified as Sample Materials. Licensee may copy and modify Source Components and Sample Materials for internal use only provided such use is within the limits of the license rights under this Agreement, provided however that Licensee may not alter or delete any copyright information or notices contained in the Source Components or Sample Materials. IBM provides the Source Components and Sample Materials without obligation of support and "AS IS", WITH NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR NON-INTERFERENCE AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Technology Preview Code

Technology Preview Code (TPC) may be included or distributed with the Program or updates to it but are not part of the Program. TPC is licensed under the same terms as the Program, except as provided below. TPC will be identified as such in the Notices File (or in an updated Notices File accompanying the updates). Some or all of the TPC may not be made generally available by IBM as or in a product. Licensee is permitted to use TPC only for internal use for evaluation purposes and not for use in a production environment. The Notices File may limit this evaluation use to an evaluation period. If so, at the end of such evaluation period Licensee must cease using and uninstall the TPC. IBM provides the TPC without obligation of support and "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR NON-INTERFERENCE AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Licensee may not transfer TPC to another party except as a transfer accompanying the Program. TPC may contain a disabling device that will prevent it from being used after the evaluation period ends. Licensee will not tamper with this disabling device or the TPC. Licensee should take precautions to avoid any loss of data that might result when the TPC can no longer be used.

Licensee assigns to IBM all right, title, and interest (including ownership of copyright) in any data, suggestions, or written materials that 1) are related to the Technology Preview Code and 2) Licensee provides to IBM. Upon IBM's request, Licensee will sign additional documents necessary to assign such rights. In addition to the foregoing, Licensee grants to IBM a non-exclusive, irrevocable, unrestricted, worldwide and paid-up right and license to a) include in any product or service any idea, know-how, concept, technique, invention, discovery or improvement, whether or not patentable, that Licensee provides to IBM related to the Technology Preview Code b) use, manufacture and market any such product or service, and c) allow others to do any of the foregoing.

Licensee agrees to treat the following as "IBM Confidential Information" regardless of whether they contain restrictive markings indicating the confidential nature thereof or have been identified as IBM Confidential Information prior to disclosure: (a) the Technology Preview Code, (b) any information provided to Licensee by IBM with regard to the Technology Preview Code including, but not limited to, related materials such as specifications, plans, trends, strategies, benchmarks, performance characteristics, comparisons and other assessments of the Technology Preview Code, (c) any information related to Licensee's access to the Technology Preview Code including, but not limited to, passwords or other access codes, and (d) all data, feedback, suggestions and/or written materials that Licensee provides to IBM related to the Technology Preview Code. Licensee is authorized to use the IBM Confidential Information for the purpose for which it was disclosed or otherwise for the benefit of IBM. Notwithstanding any other terms of this Agreement, Licensee agrees not to communicate, publish, disseminate or otherwise discuss with or disclose to any third party the IBM Confidential Information (including but not limited to articles, papers or other written materials pertaining to the IBM Confidential Information) prior to IBM making such IBM Confidential Information publicly available without a non-disclosure obligation. Notwithstanding the above, Licensee does not have a confidentiality obligation to Technology Preview Code identified in the Notices File as non-confidential.

Licensee agrees to use the same care and discretion to avoid disclosure of the IBM Confidential Information as Licensee uses with Licensee's own similar information that Licensee does not wish to disclose, but in no event will such degree of care be less than reasonable care. Licensee's obligations with respect to the IBM Confidential Information will continue for a period of two years from Licensee's receipt of the IBM Confidential Information. Licensee agrees not to disclose to IBM any information that is considered confidential or proprietary to Licensee or any third party except under a signed, separate, written confidential agreement.

Notwithstanding the existence of any confidentiality or other agreement Licensee may have with IBM pertaining to confidential information, the preceding paragraphs will govern the treatment of the IBM Confidential Information.

Export and Import Restrictions

This Program may contain cryptography. Transfer to, or use by, users of the Program may be prohibited or subject to export or import laws, regulations or policies, including those of the United States Export Administration Regulations. Licensee assumes all responsibility for complying with all applicable laws, regulations, and policies regarding the export, import, or use of this Program, including but not limited to, U.S. restrictions on exports or reexports. To obtain the export classification of this Program refer to: https://www.ibm.com/products/exporting/.

The following units of measure may apply to Licensee's use of the Program.

Resource Value Unit (RVU)

Resource Value Unit (RVU) is a unit of measure by which the Program can be licensed. RVU Proofs of Entitlement are based on the number of units of a specific resource used or managed by the Program. Licensee must obtain sufficient entitlements for the number of RVUs required for Licensee's environment for the specific resources as specified in the table below. RVU entitlements are specific to the Program and the type of resource and may not be exchanged, interchanged, or aggregated with RVU entitlements of another program or resource.

User Value Unit (UVU)

User Value Unit (UVU) is a unit of measure by which the Program can be licensed. UVU Proofs of Entitlement are based on the number and type of Users for the given Program. Licensee must obtain sufficient entitlements for the number of UVUs required for Licensee's environment as specified in the table below. The UVU entitlements are specific to the Program and type of user and may not be exchanged, interchanged, or aggregated with UVU entitlements of another program or type of user.

In addition to the above, the following terms apply to Licensee's use of the Program.

Legacy Contract

Legacy Contract is a unit of measure by which the Program can be licensed. Legacy Contract license types are license types that are no longer actively marketed by IBM. IBM may, however, at its sole and exclusive discretion, agree to increase Licensee's existing entitlements to use certain versions of Programs ("Legacy Programs") under a Legacy Contract license. Programs licensed under a Legacy Contract are indicated by the notation "Legacy", in the Program Name on a PoE. Licensee's use of all Legacy Programs is subject to the license type specified in the agreement pursuant to which Licensee originally acquired the rights to use the Legacy Program ("Legacy Agreement"). Under no circumstances will the terms of the Legacy Agreement be interpreted to expand Licensee's right to use the Legacy Programs beyond the amount specified in a PoE. 

Legacy Contract is not available to new Licensees or available under the IBM International Passport Advantage or Passport Advantage Express Agreements.

Legacy Point

Legacy Point is a unit of measure by which the Program can be licensed. A Legacy Point maps price paid to amount of Program entitlements allowed. Entitlement is to any Program included in the points table.

1. The following programs are licensed based on the RVU metric where resources are measured by Million Order Lines.

- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Professional Edition Certified Container
- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Enterprise Edition Certified Container

The Resources for the purpose of RVU calculation are the total number of Million Order Lines processed by the Program in any consecutive 12 month period. An Order means any document type defined in the Program, including but not limited to: sales orders, purchase orders, transfer orders, schedules, plans, returns, reservations, shipments, and receipts. Order Lines are the line items on Orders managed by the Program. 

Resource Value Unit Conversion Table
From 1 to 2 Resources, 1.00 RVU per Resource
From 3 to 5 Resources, 2 RVUs plus 0.90 RVUs per Resource above 2 
From 6 to 10 Resources, 5 RVUs plus 0.80 RVUs per Resource above 5 
From 11 to 20 Resources, 9 RVUs plus 0.70 RVUs per Resource above 10 
From 21 to 35 Resources, 16 RVUs plus 0.60 RVUs per Resource above 20 
From 36 to 50 Resources, 25 RVUs plus 0.45 RVUs per Resource above 35 
From 51 to 500 Resources, 32 RVUs plus 0.30 RVUs per Resource above 50
From 501 to 1,000 Resource, 167 RVUs plus 0.25 RVUs per resource above 500
For more than 1,001 Resources, 292 RVUs plus 0.01 RVUs per Resource above 1,000

2. The following programs are licensed based on the RVU metric where resources are measured by Million Order Lines.

- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Supply Collaboration Add-on Certified Container
- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Delivery and Service Scheduling Add-on Certified Container

The Resources for the purpose of RVU calculation are the total number of Million Order Lines processed by the Program in any consecutive 12 month period. An Order means any document type defined in the Program, including but not limited to: sales orders, purchase orders, transfer orders, schedules, plans, returns, reservations, shipments, and receipts. Order Lines are the line items on Orders managed by the Program. 

Resource Value Unit Conversion Table
From 1 to 2 Resources, 1.00 RVU per Resource
From 3 to 5 Resources, 2 RVUs plus 0.90 RVUs per Resource above 2 
From 6 to 10 Resources, 5 RVUs plus 0.80 RVUs per Resource above 5 
From 11 to 20 Resources, 9 RVUs plus 0.70 RVUs per Resource above 10 
From 21 to 35 Resources, 16 RVUs plus 0.60 RVUs per Resource above 20 
From 36 to 50 Resources, 25 RVUs plus 0.45 RVUs per Resource above 35 
For more than 50 Resources, 32 RVUs plus 0.30 RVUs per Resource above 50

3. The following programs are licensed based on the RVU metric where resources are measured by Client Devices.

- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on Certified Container

The Resources for the purpose of RVU calculation are Client Devices. A Client Device is a single user computing device or special purpose sensor or telemetry device that requests the execution of or receives for execution a set of commands, procedures, or applications from or provides data to another computer system that is typically referred to as a server or is otherwise managed by the server. Multiple Client Devices may share access to a common server. A Client Device may have some processing capability or be programmable to allow a user to do work. Examples include, but are not limited to actuators, appliances, automated teller machines, automatic meter readers, cash registers, disk drives, desktop computers, kiosks, notebook computers, personal digital assistant, point-of-sale terminals, sensors, smart meters, tape drives, and technical workstations. 

Resource Value Unit Conversion Table
From 1 to 20 Resources, 1.00 RVU per Resource
From 21 to 50 Resources, 20 RVUs plus 0.83 RVUs per Resource above 20 
From 51 to 100 Resources, 45 RVUs plus 0.80 RVUs per Resource above 50
From 101 to 250 Resources, 85 RVUs plus 0.76 RVUs per Resource above 100 
From 251 to 500 Resources, 199 RVUs plus 0.60 RVUs per Resource above 250 
From 501 to 1,000 Resources, 349 RVUs plus 0.50 RVUs per Resource above 500 
From 1,001 to 5,000 Resources, 599 RVUs plus 0.47 RVUs per Resource above 1,000 
From 5,001 to 10,000 Resources, 2,479 RVUs plus 0.40 RVUs per Resource above 5,000 
From 10,001 to 25,000 Resources, 4,479 RVUs plus 0.36 RVUs per Resource above 10,000 
For more than 25,000 Resources, 9,879 RVUs plus 0.33 RVUs per Resource above 25,000

4. The following programs are licensed based on the RVU metric where resources are measured by Stores. A Store is each physical mercantile establishment where goods and services are offered for sale.

- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Small Format Edition Certified Container
- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Medium Format Edition Certified Container
- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Large Format Edition Certified Container
- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Mega Format Edition Certified Container

The Resources for the purpose of RVU calculation are Stores where the Program is installed. 

The Program selected for every Store needs to match the size of the physical retail setting. The size of the store is calculated as the area measure of the building.
 
An entitlement to a larger format can be applied to cover a store that has a smaller format. 

- Small Format = 0 to 15000 square feet (or 0 to 1393 square meters)
- Medium Format = 15001 to 60000 square feet (or 1394 to 5574 square meters)
- Large Format = 60001 to 110000 square feet (or 5575 to 10219 square meters)
- Mega Format = 110001 and above square feet (or 10200 and above square meters)

Resource Value Unit Conversion Table
From 1 to 20 Resources, 1.00 RVU per Resource
From 21 to 50 Resources, 20 RVUs plus 0.83 RVUs per Resource above 20 
From 51 to 100 Resources, 45 RVUs plus 0.80 RVUs per Resource above 50
From 101 to 250 Resources, 85 RVUs plus 0.76 RVUs per Resource above 100 
From 251 to 500 Resources, 199 RVUs plus 0.60 RVUs per Resource above 250 
From 501 to 1,000 Resources, 349 RVUs plus 0.50 RVUs per Resource above 500 
From 1,001 to 5,000 Resources, 599 RVUs plus 0.47 RVUs per Resource above 1,000 
From 5,001 to 10,000 Resources, 2,479 RVUs plus 0.40 RVUs per Resource above 5,000 
From 10,001 to 25,000 Resources, 4,479 RVUs plus 0.36 RVUs per Resource above 10,000 
For more than 25,000 Resources, 9,879 RVUs plus 0.33 RVUs per Resource above 25,000


1.0 Required Entitlements

1.1 When determining the number of entitlements required for Licensee's installation or use of the following Programs:

- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Professional Edition Certified Container
- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Enterprise Edition Certified Container
- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Supply Collaboration Add-on Certified Container
- IBM Sterling Order Management Software Delivery and Service Scheduling Add-on Certified Container

which are based on Order Lines, the following Order Lines are not taken into consideration. In other words, Licensee may install and use the following Order Lines, under the license terms, but these Order Lines are not used to determine the number of Order Line entitlements required for the Program.

- Order Lines in Non-Production environments. Non-Production environments are internal development and test environment for internal non-production activities, including but not limited to testing, performance tuning, fault diagnosis, internal benchmarking, staging, quality assurance activity and/or developing internally used additions or extensions to the Program using published application programming interfaces. 
- Return Order Lines connected to or triggered by an existing Sales Order Line. Return Order Lines are on return order document types, including the standard IBM provided return order document types, and any customer-configured return document types.
- Shipment Order Lines connected to or triggered by an existing Sales Order Line. Shipment Order Lines are on sales order document type, including the standard IBM provided sales order document types, and any customer-configured sales order document types including but not limited to plans, schedules, blanket orders, releases and forecasts.
- Reservations that have been converted to an Order Line within the Program.
- Order Lines on Orders which are not managed by the Program. Orders are not managed by the Program when such Orders are loaded into the Program, for historical purposes only (e.g.: Orders loaded using the import feature), in a completed (terminal) state, and the inventory status is not updated.

1.2 When determining the number of entitlements required for Licensee's use of the IBM Sterling Order Management Software Supply Collaboration Add-on Program Certified Container, only the number of Purchase Order Lines, Transfer Order Lines and Visibility Only Order Lines excluding Non-Production environments are taken into consideration . Purchase Order Lines are on a purchase order and transfer order document types, including the standard IBM provided purchase order and transfer order document types, and any customer-configured purchase order document types. Visibility Only Order Lines are defined as those order lines that are managed through their fulfillment lifecycle in an external system and are persisted into IBM Sterling Order Management Software Certified Container, for the purpose of updating inventory status.

2.0 Usage Restrictions

2.1 Licensee is permitted to use the following advanced deployment models only with IBM Sterling Order Management Software Enterprise Edition Certified Container.

The advanced deployment models are: 

- Production use of multiple order management instances (e.g. promising and order fulfillment deployed as separate instances, deployment of order management on different instances for multiple business purposes). This would exclude production instances deployed solely for the purpose of hot standby.
- Use of database sharding functionality to spread data across multiple database instances in order to provide enhanced scaleability of the database tier. 

2.2 IBM Sterling Order Management Software Call Center Add-on Certified Container may only be licensed for use by Authorized Users in a Call Center organization. A Call Center is an organization (either within Licensee's Enterprise, or independent of, but contracted by, Licensee) whose primary purpose is: (a) fielding telephone calls placed by or on behalf of Licensee's clients for the purpose of placing, maintaining, or administering order with Licensee; or (b) placing telephone calls to Licensee's clients or potential clients for the purposes of soliciting orders.
 
2.3 IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on Certified Container, IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Small Format Edition Certified Container, IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Medium Format Edition Certified Container, IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Large Format Edition Certified Container, IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on - Mega Format Edition Certified Container may only be licensed for use by Licensee's employee, independent contractor (including a temporary workforce member), or employee of a third party employed by Licensee, (a) that works in a store either in front of store, or in the backroom, to assist customers and/or fulfill customer orders, (b) that manages stores, (c) that assists other users in maintaining, configuring, and troubleshooting usage after go-live. A Store is each physical mercantile establishment where goods and services are offered for sale.

2.3.1 Licensee may elect to license either the IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on Certified Container - Small, Medium, Large, Mega Format Edition or the IBM Sterling Order Management Software Store Add-on Certified Container (measured by client device), but not both.

2.4 Additional Terms for Reference Items 

Reference Items included with the Program includes reference data, sample user exit implementations, and sample mobile user interfaces (" Reference Items"). Reference Items are fictitious and any similarity to the names and addresses used by actual persons or business enterprises is entirely coincidental. Reference Items may also contain text, images and/or similar content that are the copyrighted materials of IBM or third parties ("Sample Content"). Notwithstanding the "Reference Items" section of this License Information, Sample Content is provided for illustrative purposes only and Licensee is not permitted to copy, display, retransmit or otherwise use or re-use the Sample Content, with the following exceptions: a) Licensee may use sample mobile interfaces in a production environment; and b) Licensee may copy and modify sample user exits, provided sample user exits are not distributed. 

IBM, its suppliers and distributors provide Sample Content without obligation of support and "AS IS", WITH NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR NON-INTERFERENCE AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

3.0 Supporting Program Details 

IBM DB2 Enterprise Server Edition
- Usage limitations: Use by Principal Program

"Use by Principal Program" means that the Supporting Program is provided exclusively for use by the Principal Program. Neither Licensee or any application, program or device is authorized to directly use or access the services of Supporting Program except Licensee may access the Supporting Program to perform administrative functions for the Supporting Program such as backup, recovery and authorized configuration.

4.0 Additional Terms for PCI Security Standards Council, LLC

Acceptance of a given payment application by the PCI Security Standards Council, LLC (PCI SSC) only applies to the specific version of that payment application that was reviewed by a PA-QSA and subsequently accepted by PCI SSC (the "Accepted Version"). If any aspect of a payment application or version thereof is different from that which was reviewed by the PA-QSA and accepted by PCI SSC - even if the different payment application or version (the "Alternate Version") conforms to the basic product description of the Accepted Version - then the Alternate Version should not be considered accepted by PCI SSC, nor promoted as accepted by PCI SSC.

No vendor or other third party may refer to a payment application as "PCI Approved" or "PCI SSC Approved", and no vendor or other third party may otherwise state or imply that PCI SSC has, in whole or part, accepted or approved any aspect of a vendor or its services or payment applications, except to the extent and subject to the terms and restrictions expressly set forth in a written agreement with PCI SSC, or in a PA-DSS letter of acceptance provided by PCI SSC. All other references to PCI SSC's approval or acceptance of a payment application or version thereof are strictly and actively prohibited by PCI SSC.

When granted, PCI SSC acceptance is provided to ensure certain security and operational characteristics important to the achievement of PCI SSC's goals, but such acceptance does not under any circumstances include or imply any endorsement or warranty regarding the payment application vendor or the functionality, quality, or performance of the payment application or any other product or service. PCI SSC does not warrant any products or services provided by third parties. PCI SSC acceptance does not, under any circumstances, include or imply any product warranties from PCI SSC, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for purpose or non infringement, all of which are expressly disclaimed by PCI SSC. All rights and remedies regarding products and services that have received acceptance from PCI SSC, shall be provided by the party providing such products or services, and not by PCI SSC or any payment brands.

L/N:  L-JFEL-BGXH39
D/N:  L-JFEL-BGXH39
P/N:  L-JFEL-BGXH39


